content/posts/en/amazons-ring-now-works-with-video-surveillance-company-flock.mdx, before:

---
title: Amazon’s Ring now works with video surveillance company Flock
date: '2025-10-17T17:52:11.000Z'
lang: en
translationKey: amazons-ring-now-works-with-video-surveillance-company-flock
tags: []
summary: >-
  ![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22406591/dseifert_20210323_4486_0003.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop...
draft: true
image: >-
  https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22406591/dseifert_20210323_4486_0003.jpg?quality=90&#038;strip=all&#038;crop=0,0,100,100
sourceUrl: 'https://www.theverge.com/news/801856/amazon-ring-partners-flock-video'
sourceName: The Verge
collectedAt: '2025-10-17T18:17:52.859Z'
---
![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22406591/dseifert_20210323_4486_0003.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)

Amazon’s smart doorbell company Ring is [now working](https://blog.ring.com/about-ring/ring-expands-community-requests-to-additional-community-safety-partners/) with the AI-powered surveillance camera company Flock. According to a [letter sent to the company](https://www.wyden.senate.gov/news/press-releases/wyden-slams-surveillance-tech-company-for-ineffective_protections-for-oregonians-against-abuses-by-federal-agencies-and-out-of-state-law-enforcement) by Sen. Ron Wyden, Flock had [allowed data access](https://www.404media.co/ice-secret-service-navy-all-had-access-to-flocks-nationwide-network-of-cameras/) to the Secret Service and the Navy — as well as ICE, as previously reported by [_404 Media_](https://www.404media.co/ice-taps-into-nationwide-ai-enabled-camera-network-data-shows/)_._

The partnership is through Ring’s [Community Request program](https://blog.ring.com/about-ring/ring-launches-community-requests-a-new-way-to-help-your-community/). In April, Ring announced another partnership with Axon, the company [behind Taser](https://www.theverge.com/news/709836/ring-police-video-sharing-police-axon-partnership). 

Now, local US law enforcement agencies that use Flock’s platforms Nova or FlockOS can request video footage from Ring users through the Neighbors app. In the request, Ring says that law enforcement must include [details about an alleged crime](https://blog.ring.com/about-ring/ring-expands-community-requests-to-additional-community-safety-partners/) and its time and location. They must also include a “unique investigation code.” A request for footage will appear in Ring’s Neighbors app feed to all users in certain areas of interest.  

Ring tells its users that participation in the Community Request program is “completely optional.” Users can turn off notifications for the request entirely, and the company says that law enforcement agencies cannot see who does or does not receive their requests or who declines to respond to their requests. Ring says that the rollout will occur in the coming months. 

For years, it’s been reported that [Ring works with law enforcement](https://www.theverge.com/2019/7/29/20746156/amazons-ring-law-enforcement-partnerships), often providing data [without a warrant](https://www.theverge.com/2022/7/14/23219419/amazon-ring-law-enforcement-no-warrant-no-consent). It discontinued [its Request for Assistance](https://www.theverge.com/2024/1/24/24049165/ring-police-neighbors-app-clips-search-warrant) feature in the Neighbors app in 2024, but kept open the option of warrantless granting of data during what the company considers “emergencies,” a carveout also used by [Google for its Nest data](https://www.theverge.com/2022/7/26/23279562/arlo-apple-wyze-eufy-google-ring-security-camera-foortage-warrant).

Commit message:

Update 英语文章 “amazons-ring-now-works-with-video-surveillance-company-flock”

content/posts/en/amazons-ring-now-works-with-video-surveillance-company-flock.mdx, after:

---
translationKey: ''
title: Amazon’s Ring now works with video surveillance company Flock
date: 2025-10-18T02:52:00.000+09:00
lang: en
tags: []
summary: Amazon’s smart doorbell company Ring is now working with the AI-powered surveillance camera company Flock. According to a letter sent to the company by Sen. Ron Wyden, Flock had allowed data access to the Secret Service and the Navy — as well as ICE, as previously reported by 404 Media.
image: https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22406591/dseifert_20210323_4486_0003.jpg?quality=90&#038;strip=all&#038;crop=0,0,100,100
draft: true
collectedAt: 2025-10-17T18:17:52.859Z
sourceUrl: https://www.theverge.com/news/801856/amazon-ring-partners-flock-video
sourceName: The Verge
---
![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/22406591/dseifert_20210323_4486_0003.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)

Amazon’s smart doorbell company Ring is [now working](https://blog.ring.com/about-ring/ring-expands-community-requests-to-additional-community-safety-partners/) with the AI-powered surveillance camera company Flock. According to a [letter sent to the company](https://www.wyden.senate.gov/news/press-releases/wyden-slams-surveillance-tech-company-for-ineffective_protections-for-oregonians-against-abuses-by-federal-agencies-and-out-of-state-law-enforcement) by Sen. Ron Wyden, Flock had [allowed data access](https://www.404media.co/ice-secret-service-navy-all-had-access-to-flocks-nationwide-network-of-cameras/) to the Secret Service and the Navy — as well as ICE, as previously reported by [_404 Media](https://www.404media.co/ice-taps-into-nationwide-ai-enabled-camera-network-data-shows/)._

The partnership is through Ring’s [Community Request program](https://blog.ring.com/about-ring/ring-launches-community-requests-a-new-way-to-help-your-community/). In April, Ring announced another partnership with Axon, the company [behind Taser](https://www.theverge.com/news/709836/ring-police-video-sharing-police-axon-partnership). 

Now, local US law enforcement agencies that use Flock’s platforms Nova or FlockOS can request video footage from Ring users through the Neighbors app. In the request, Ring says that law enforcement must include [details about an alleged crime](https://blog.ring.com/about-ring/ring-expands-community-requests-to-additional-community-safety-partners/) and its time and location. They must also include a “unique investigation code.” A request for footage will appear in Ring’s Neighbors app feed to all users in certain areas of interest.  

Ring tells its users that participation in the Community Request program is “completely optional.” Users can turn off notifications for the request entirely, and the company says that law enforcement agencies cannot see who does or does not receive their requests or who declines to respond to their requests. Ring says that the rollout will occur in the coming months. 

For years, it’s been reported that [Ring works with law enforcement](https://www.theverge.com/2019/7/29/20746156/amazons-ring-law-enforcement-partnerships), often providing data [without a warrant](https://www.theverge.com/2022/7/14/23219419/amazon-ring-law-enforcement-no-warrant-no-consent). It discontinued [its Request for Assistance](https://www.theverge.com/2024/1/24/24049165/ring-police-neighbors-app-clips-search-warrant) feature in the Neighbors app in 2024, but kept open the option of warrantless granting of data during what the company considers “emergencies,” a carveout also used by [Google for its Nest data](https://www.theverge.com/2022/7/26/23279562/arlo-apple-wyze-eufy-google-ring-security-camera-foortage-warrant).
