content/posts/en/cnns-new-all-access-streaming-service-launches-later-this-mo.mdx, before:

---
title: CNN’s new All Access streaming service launches later this month
date: '2025-10-17T13:35:22.000Z'
lang: en
translationKey: cnns-new-all-access-streaming-service-launches-later-this-mo
tags: []
summary: >-
  ![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/25645943/CNN_logo.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)
  CNN h...
draft: true
image: >-
  https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/25645943/CNN_logo.jpg?quality=90&#038;strip=all&#038;crop=0,0,100,100
sourceUrl: >-
  https://www.theverge.com/news/801615/cnn-all-access-subscription-streaming-service
sourceName: The Verge
collectedAt: '2025-10-17T13:47:03.073Z'
---
![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/25645943/CNN_logo.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)

CNN has announced a new [subscription service](https://cnnpressroom.blogs.cnn.com/2025/10/16/cnn-to-launch-new-all-access-subscription-tier-october-28/) called All Access that will launch in the US on October 28th, 2025. It will cost $6.99 per month, or $69.99 annually, with a special introductory price of $41.99 for the first year for those who sign up by January 5th, 2026.

Plans for the new subscription were first revealed in an internal company memo from CNN CEO Mark Thompson that was [shared with _The Verge_ earlier this year.](https://www.theverge.com/2025/1/23/24350287/cnn-new-streaming-service-killing-last-one)

The [All Access tier](https://www.cnn.com/newsletters/a-new-way-to-experience-cnn) will include access to a selection of CNN’s US and international live programming, but like the short-lived [CNN Plus that was shut down a month](https://www.theverge.com/2022/4/21/23035703/cnn-plus-shutting-down) after launching, it doesn’t include a live feed of CNN’s cable news channel.

But All Access offers more than the $5.99 per month CNN Plus did, including over 1,000 hours of content from the CNN Originals library, video-on-demand content, exclusive live events, and the “latest CNN Original Series and CNN Films” – but those will only be available the day after they air on TV. It will also include access to all of the articles and subscriber-only content on [CNN.com](http://cnn.com).

CNN says “current Pay TV subscribers” will have access to All Access at no additional cost, but without access to the articles on [CNN.com](http://cnn.com). The website can be accessed through [CNN’s existing digital subscription](https://www.theverge.com/2024/9/27/24255900/cnn-paywall-digital-subscription-mark-thompson), which launched last October as the rebranded $3.99/month Basic tier.

Commit message:

Update 英语文章 “cnns-new-all-access-streaming-service-launches-later-this-mo”

content/posts/en/cnns-new-all-access-streaming-service-launches-later-this-mo.mdx, after:

---
translationKey: ''
title: CNN’s new All Access streaming service launches later this month
date: 2025-10-17T22:35:00.000+09:00
lang: en
tags:
  - CNN
summary: CNN has announced a new subscription service called All Access that will launch in the US on October 28th, 2025. It will cost $6.99 per month, or $69.99 annually, with a special introductory price of $41.99 for the first year for those who sign up by January 5th, 2026.
image: ''
draft: false
collectedAt: 2025-10-17T13:47:03.073Z
sourceUrl: https://www.theverge.com/news/801615/cnn-all-access-subscription-streaming-service
sourceName: The Verge
---
![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/chorus/uploads/chorus_asset/file/25645943/CNN_logo.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)

CNN has announced a new [subscription service](https://cnnpressroom.blogs.cnn.com/2025/10/16/cnn-to-launch-new-all-access-subscription-tier-october-28/) called All Access that will launch in the US on October 28th, 2025. It will cost $6.99 per month, or $69.99 annually, with a special introductory price of $41.99 for the first year for those who sign up by January 5th, 2026.

Plans for the new subscription were first revealed in an internal company memo from CNN CEO Mark Thompson that was [shared with _The Verge_ earlier this year.](https://www.theverge.com/2025/1/23/24350287/cnn-new-streaming-service-killing-last-one)

The [All Access tier](https://www.cnn.com/newsletters/a-new-way-to-experience-cnn) will include access to a selection of CNN’s US and international live programming, but like the short-lived [CNN Plus that was shut down a month](https://www.theverge.com/2022/4/21/23035703/cnn-plus-shutting-down) after launching, it doesn’t include a live feed of CNN’s cable news channel.

But All Access offers more than the $5.99 per month CNN Plus did, including over 1,000 hours of content from the CNN Originals library, video-on-demand content, exclusive live events, and the “latest CNN Original Series and CNN Films” – but those will only be available the day after they air on TV. It will also include access to all of the articles and subscriber-only content on [CNN.com](http://cnn.com).

CNN says “current Pay TV subscribers” will have access to All Access at no additional cost, but without access to the articles on [CNN.com](http://cnn.com). The website can be accessed through [CNN’s existing digital subscription](https://www.theverge.com/2024/9/27/24255900/cnn-paywall-digital-subscription-mark-thompson), which launched last October as the rebranded $3.99/month Basic tier.
