content/posts/en/ex-lidar-ceo-makes-a-bid-to-reclaim-his-company.mdx, before:

---
title: Ex-lidar CEO makes a bid to reclaim his company
date: '2025-10-17T18:12:29.000Z'
lang: en
translationKey: ex-lidar-ceo-makes-a-bid-to-reclaim-his-company
tags: []
summary: >-
  ![photo of Austin
  Russell](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/VRG05AH_210614_4634_001.webp?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)...
draft: true
image: >-
  https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/VRG05AH_210614_4634_001.webp?quality=90&#038;strip=all&#038;crop=0,0,100,100
sourceUrl: >-
  https://www.theverge.com/news/801827/ex-lidar-ceo-makes-a-bid-to-reclaim-his-company
sourceName: The Verge
collectedAt: '2025-10-17T18:17:52.853Z'
---
![photo of Austin Russell](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/VRG05AH_210614_4634_001.webp?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)

Ex-Luminar CEO Austin Russell is trying to wrest back control of his company. | Image: Andrew J. Hawkins / The Verge

Earlier this year, Luminar founder and CEO Austin Russell [abruptly resigned](https://www.theverge.com/news/671804/luminar-lidar-layoffs-ceo-exit) from his position after it was revealed he was the target of an ethics inquiry. Now, the 30-year-old billionaire is trying to wrest back control of his old company, which made him a fortune by designing lidar sensors of self-driving cars.

[According to an SEC filing](https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1758057/000110465925100177/xslSCHEDULE_13D_X01/primary_doc.xml) (and first reported by _[TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2025/10/17/ousted-luminar-ceo-austin-russell-wants-to-buy-the-company/)_), Russell wants to acquire “100% of the outstanding shares of the Class A Common Stock” in Luminar under the auspices of his new company, [Russell AI Labs](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250923860773/en/Russell-AI-Labs-Launches-to-Build-and-Back-Next-Generation-Intelligent-Technologies). The new company would still be publicly listed (Luminar went public through a reverse SPAC merger in 2020) and traded under the same “LAZR” ticker symbol.

Russell says in the filing he was invited to acquire the company “at the suggestion of certain shareholders and the invitation of certain members of the board of directors” of Luminar. At the time, Luminar didn’t explain the reason for Russell’s departure, nor has it said whether the ethics inquiry turned anything up.

After launching in 2017, Luminar [muscled its way to the front](https://www.theverge.com/22298001/luminar-austin-russel-ceo-interview-self-driving-cars) of the autonomous vehicle industry as a top maker of lidar systems, [a key technology](https://www.theverge.com/23776430/lidar-tesla-autonomous-cars-elon-musk-waymo) that driverless cars use to sense the shapes and distances of objects around them. Luminar has sold sensors to [Mercedes-Benz](https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/22/23608857/mercedes-benz-luminar-lidar-expand-adas-drive-pilot), [Volvo](https://www.theverge.com/2020/5/6/21248415/volvo-luminar-lidar-self-driving-highway-pilot-spa2), [Audi](https://www.theverge.com/2018/12/18/18144506/audi-self-driving-car-volkswagen-luminar-lidar), [Toyota Research Institute](https://www.theverge.com/2018/1/4/16849422/toyota-self-driving-car-platform-3-lexus-lidar), [Caterpillar](https://www.theverge.com/news/637238/caterpillar-luminar-lidar-self-driving-construction-equipment), and [even Tesla](https://www.theverge.com/2024/5/7/24151497/tesla-lidar-luminar-elon-musk-sensor-autonomous), which has dismissed lidar sensors in favor of traditional cameras

Russell founded his new venture in September along with Markus Schaefer, CTO of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, and Murtaza Ahmed, former managing partner at Softbank. Meanwhile, Luminar has encountered financial difficulties over the past year, has gone through several rounds of layoffs, and [was nearly delisted from the NASDAQ](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/luminar-technologies-avoids-nasdaq-delisting-164049546.html).

Commit message:

Update 英语文章 “ex-lidar-ceo-makes-a-bid-to-reclaim-his-company”

content/posts/en/ex-lidar-ceo-makes-a-bid-to-reclaim-his-company.mdx, after:

---
translationKey: ''
title: Ex-lidar CEO makes a bid to reclaim his company
date: 2025-10-18T03:12:00.000+09:00
lang: en
tags: []
summary: |-
  Ex-Luminar CEO Austin Russell is trying to wrest back control of his company. | Image: Andrew J. Hawkins / The Verge
  Earlier this year, Luminar founder and CEO Austin Russell abruptly resigned from his position after it was revealed he was the target of an ethics inquiry. Now, the 30-year-old billionaire is trying to wrest back control of his old company, which made him a fortune by designing lidar sensors of self-driving cars.
image: https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/VRG05AH_210614_4634_001.webp?quality=90&#038;strip=all&#038;crop=0,0,100,100
draft: true
collectedAt: 2025-10-17T18:17:52.853Z
sourceUrl: https://www.theverge.com/news/801827/ex-lidar-ceo-makes-a-bid-to-reclaim-his-company
sourceName: The Verge
---
![photo of Austin Russell](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/VRG05AH_210614_4634_001.webp?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)

Ex-Luminar CEO Austin Russell is trying to wrest back control of his company. | Image: Andrew J. Hawkins / The Verge

Earlier this year, Luminar founder and CEO Austin Russell [abruptly resigned](https://www.theverge.com/news/671804/luminar-lidar-layoffs-ceo-exit) from his position after it was revealed he was the target of an ethics inquiry. Now, the 30-year-old billionaire is trying to wrest back control of his old company, which made him a fortune by designing lidar sensors of self-driving cars.

[According to an SEC filing](https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1758057/000110465925100177/xslSCHEDULE_13D_X01/primary_doc.xml) (and first reported by [_TechCrunch_](https://techcrunch.com/2025/10/17/ousted-luminar-ceo-austin-russell-wants-to-buy-the-company/)), Russell wants to acquire “100% of the outstanding shares of the Class A Common Stock” in Luminar under the auspices of his new company, [Russell AI Labs](https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20250923860773/en/Russell-AI-Labs-Launches-to-Build-and-Back-Next-Generation-Intelligent-Technologies). The new company would still be publicly listed (Luminar went public through a reverse SPAC merger in 2020) and traded under the same “LAZR” ticker symbol.

Russell says in the filing he was invited to acquire the company “at the suggestion of certain shareholders and the invitation of certain members of the board of directors” of Luminar. At the time, Luminar didn’t explain the reason for Russell’s departure, nor has it said whether the ethics inquiry turned anything up.

After launching in 2017, Luminar [muscled its way to the front](https://www.theverge.com/22298001/luminar-austin-russel-ceo-interview-self-driving-cars) of the autonomous vehicle industry as a top maker of lidar systems, [a key technology](https://www.theverge.com/23776430/lidar-tesla-autonomous-cars-elon-musk-waymo) that driverless cars use to sense the shapes and distances of objects around them. Luminar has sold sensors to [Mercedes-Benz](https://www.theverge.com/2023/2/22/23608857/mercedes-benz-luminar-lidar-expand-adas-drive-pilot), [Volvo](https://www.theverge.com/2020/5/6/21248415/volvo-luminar-lidar-self-driving-highway-pilot-spa2), [Audi](https://www.theverge.com/2018/12/18/18144506/audi-self-driving-car-volkswagen-luminar-lidar), [Toyota Research Institute](https://www.theverge.com/2018/1/4/16849422/toyota-self-driving-car-platform-3-lexus-lidar), [Caterpillar](https://www.theverge.com/news/637238/caterpillar-luminar-lidar-self-driving-construction-equipment), and [even Tesla](https://www.theverge.com/2024/5/7/24151497/tesla-lidar-luminar-elon-musk-sensor-autonomous), which has dismissed lidar sensors in favor of traditional cameras

Russell founded his new venture in September along with Markus Schaefer, CTO of Mercedes-Benz Group AG, and Murtaza Ahmed, former managing partner at Softbank. Meanwhile, Luminar has encountered financial difficulties over the past year, has gone through several rounds of layoffs, and [was nearly delisted from the NASDAQ](https://finance.yahoo.com/news/luminar-technologies-avoids-nasdaq-delisting-164049546.html).
