content/posts/en/kelly-reichardts-anti-heist-movie.mdx, before:

---
title: Kelly Reichardt’s anti-heist movie
date: '2025-10-17T16:30:00.000Z'
lang: en
translationKey: kelly-reichardts-anti-heist-movie
tags: []
summary: >-
  ![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/4_Credit_-2025-Mastermind-Movie-Inc.-All-Rights-Reserved.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,...
draft: true
image: >-
  https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/4_Credit_-2025-Mastermind-Movie-Inc.-All-Rights-Reserved.jpg?quality=90&#038;strip=all&#038;crop=0,0,100,100
sourceUrl: >-
  https://www.theverge.com/entertainment/801651/the-mastermind-kelly-reichardt-director-interview
sourceName: The Verge
collectedAt: '2025-10-17T18:17:52.860Z'
---
![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/4_Credit_-2025-Mastermind-Movie-Inc.-All-Rights-Reserved.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)

Kelly Reichardt has been called one of America's greatest filmmakers, and also [one of its quietest](https://variety.com/2016/film/reviews/certain-women-review-kristen-stewart-1201687531/). But her latest, _The Mastermind_, centered on an art heist that goes off the rails, is probably her loudest movie yet and definitely [her biggest budget to date](https://www.vulture.com/article/kelly-reichardt-interview-the-mastermind-josh-oconnor.html). Reichardt even set out to make something different from her previous work - which includes _First Cow_, _Showing Up_, and _Wendy and Lucy_ - only to get back to the editing room and realize, "Oh, there it is. Another one of these films." Naturally, Reichardt's crime movie is a character study about a man trying to charm his way out of failure.

_The Mastermind_ stars Josh O'Connor, most recogniz …

[Read the full story at The Verge.](https://www.theverge.com/entertainment/801651/the-mastermind-kelly-reichardt-director-interview)

Commit message:

Update 英语文章 “kelly-reichardts-anti-heist-movie”

content/posts/en/kelly-reichardts-anti-heist-movie.mdx, after:

---
translationKey: ''
title: Kelly Reichardt’s anti-heist movie
date: 2025-10-17T16:30:00.000Z
lang: en
tags: []
summary: Kelly Reichardt has been called one of America's greatest filmmakers, and also one of its quietest. But her latest, The Mastermind, centered on an art heist that goes off the rails, is probably her loudest movie yet and definitely her biggest budget to date. Reichardt even set out to make something different from her previous work - which includes First Cow, Showing Up, and Wendy and Lucy - only to get back to the editing room and realize, "Oh, there it is. Another one of these films." Naturally, Reichardt's crime movie is a character study about a man trying to charm his way out of failure.
image: https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/4_Credit_-2025-Mastermind-Movie-Inc.-All-Rights-Reserved.jpg?quality=90&#038;strip=all&#038;crop=0,0,100,100
draft: true
collectedAt: 2025-10-17T18:17:52.860Z
sourceUrl: https://www.theverge.com/entertainment/801651/the-mastermind-kelly-reichardt-director-interview
sourceName: The Verge
---
![](https://platform.theverge.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/2/2025/10/4_Credit_-2025-Mastermind-Movie-Inc.-All-Rights-Reserved.jpg?quality=90&strip=all&crop=0,0,100,100)

Kelly Reichardt has been called one of America's greatest filmmakers, and also [one of its quietest](https://variety.com/2016/film/reviews/certain-women-review-kristen-stewart-1201687531/). But her latest, _The Mastermind_, centered on an art heist that goes off the rails, is probably her loudest movie yet and definitely [her biggest budget to date](https://www.vulture.com/article/kelly-reichardt-interview-the-mastermind-josh-oconnor.html). Reichardt even set out to make something different from her previous work - which includes _First Cow_, _Showing Up_, and _Wendy and Lucy_ - only to get back to the editing room and realize, "Oh, there it is. Another one of these films." Naturally, Reichardt's crime movie is a character study about a man trying to charm his way out of failure.

_The Mastermind_ stars Josh O'Connor, most recogniz …

[Read the full story at The Verge.](https://www.theverge.com/entertainment/801651/the-mastermind-kelly-reichardt-director-interview)
